You as the manager here
This is how you treat your guests
Guest what kind of guest are you
You are just a courier.
Can you get in here?
Even if your ancestral grave smoke
Get out of here
A big leader is coming to inspect today
Sir, don't cause me trouble here
Which great leader is coming?
Said to be a beautiful woman
Appear diluted
brilliant
You can't abandon people
Go talk to the big leader about love
No no
Did I let you go?
Kneel down and apologize
Humph
You're talking to me?
Then what?
I'll tell you what society is
You are a stinky courier. How many people can you know?
And I
Is the CFO of this Blue Hill Group
In my place, I don't like anyone who has to get out
I like it.
Even a dog
I can also get him up early
Brother Qiang has already told him just now
Here, not just anyone comes in
He kept coming in.
People are really scared to death
You go away
Before Brother Qiang gets angry
Hey, during your work period?
AWOL
Love
So arrogant
I'm not afraid of this company asking how
In my place, my rules are rules
You can't control it.
Get out of here
Don't care about him
Call a management meeting immediately